[DOCS-1956] Update docs for hashed API keys (#2018)
wandb/docs: snippets/en/_includes/api-key-security.mdx

## Store and handle API keys securely

API keys provide access to your W&B account and should be protected like passwords. Follow these best practices:

### Recommended storage methods

- **Secrets manager**: Use a dedicated secrets management system such as [AWS Secrets Manager](https://aws.amazon.com/secrets-manager/), [HashiCorp Vault](https://www.vaultproject.io/), [Azure Key Vault](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/key-vault), or [Google Secret Manager](https://cloud.google.com/security/products/secret-manager).
- **Password manager**: Use a reputable password manager application.

> - **OS-level keychains**: Store keys in macOS Keychain, Windows Credential Manager, or Linux secret service. Not typically appropriate for production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **OS-level keychains**: Store keys in macOS Keychain, Windows Credential Manager, or Linux secret service. Not suggested for production.
```
